5593 azure.resource manager.core readme (#21858)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/resourcemanager/Azure.ResourceManager.Core/samples/Sample1_HelloWorldAsync.md

# Example: Getting a subscription

> >Note: Before getting started with the samples, make sure to go trough the [prerequisites]<--(./README.md#Prerequisites)-->.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: Before getting started with the samples, go through the [prerequisites]<--(./README.md#Prerequisites)-->.
```

The following code shows how to get the default subscription:

```csharp

> ArmClient armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

> ArmClient armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());

Reviewer 2: we should remove nearly any mention of DefaultSubscription.

Subscription subscription = armClient.DefaultSubscription;
Console.WriteLine(subscription.Id);
```

> It is possible to get an specific subscription as it's shown next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to get a specific subscription as follows:
```

> ``` csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

string subscriptionId = "db1ab6f0-4769-4b27-930e-01e2ef9c123c";

> ArmClient armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

> Subscription subscription = armClient.GetSubscriptions().TryGetAsync(subscriptionId);

Reviewer 3: Lets use GetAsync here instead of try
```suggestion
Subscription subscription = armClient.GetSubscriptions().GetAsync(subscriptionId);
```

Console.WriteLine(subscription.Id);
```

> With the `Async` keyword at the end of methods that perform API calls, it is possible to differentiate the asynchronous and synchronous variants of any method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `Async` suffix on methods that perform API calls, it's possible to differentiate the asynchronous and synchronous variants of any method.
```
